Confusing description of form property (#11418)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlbuttonelement/index.md

- {{domxref("HTMLButtonElement.disabled")}}
  - : Is a boolean value indicating whether or not the control is disabled, meaning that it does not accept any clicks.
- {{domxref("HTMLButtonElement.form")}} {{readonlyInline}}

>   - : Is a {{domxref("HTMLFormElement")}} reflecting the form that this button is associated with. If the button is a descendant of a form element, then this attribute is the object of that form element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Is an {{domxref("HTMLFormElement")}} reflecting the form that this button is associated with. If the button is a descendant of a form element, then this attribute is a reference to that form's associated `HTMLFormElement`.
```

>     If the button is not a descendant of a form element, then the attribute can be the object of any form element in the same document it is related to, or the `null` value if none matches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the button is not a descendant of a form element, then the attribute can be a reference to any `HTMLFormElement` element in the same document it is related to, or the `null` value if none matches.
```
